---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zstack_auto_scaling_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: "Compute"
description: |-
  Fetches a list of auto scaling groups and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_auto_scaling_groups (Data Source)

Fetches a list of auto scaling groups and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter resources based on any field in the schema. For example, to filter by state, use `name = "state"` and `values = ["Enabled"]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching auto scaling groups.
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `auto_scaling_groups` (Attributes List) List of auto scaling groups matching the specified filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_scaling_groups))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by (e.g., state, scaling_resource_type).
- `values` (Set of String) Values to filter by. Multiple values will be treated as an OR condition.


<a id="nestedatt--auto_scaling_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scaling_groups`

Read-Only:

- `default_cooldown` (Number) Default cooldown period in seconds.
- `description` (String) Description of the auto scaling group.
- `max_resource_size` (Number) Maximum number of instances.
- `min_resource_size` (Number) Minimum number of instances.
- `name` (String) Name of the auto scaling group.
- `removal_policy` (String) Policy for removing instances when scaling in.
- `scaling_resource_type` (String) Type of resource being scaled (e.g., VmInstance).
- `state` (String) State of the auto scaling group (Enabled, Disabled).
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the auto scaling group.
