---
page_title: "zstack_disks Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Fetches a list of disks and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_disks (Data Source)

Fetches a list of disks and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "zstack_disks" "example" {
  #   name = "DATA-for-Zaku-1"
  name_pattern = "%Zaku%" # Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.
  filter {
    name   = "type"
    values = ["Data"]
  }
  filter {
    name   = "is_shareable"
    values = [true]
  }
}

output "zstack_disks" {
  value = data.zstack_disks.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter resources based on any field in the schema. For example, to filter by status, use `name = "status"` and `values = ["Ready"]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching  disks
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `disks` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disks))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by (e.g., status, state).
- `values` (Set of String) Values to filter by. Multiple values will be treated as an OR condition.


<a id="nestedatt--disks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disks`

Read-Only:

- `actual_size` (Number) The actual size of the disk in GB.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the disks.
- `disk_offering_uuid` (String) The UUID of the disk offering.
- `format` (String) The format of the disk.
- `is_shareable` (Boolean) Whether the disk is shareable.
- `name` (String) The name of the disk.
- `primary_storage_uuid` (String) The UUID of the primary storage.
- `size` (Number) The size of the disk in GB.
- `state` (String) The current state of the disk (e.g., Enabled, Disabled).
- `status` (String) The current status of the disk.
- `type` (String) The type of the disk (e.g., Data, Root).
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the disk.
- `vm_instance_uuid` (String) The UUID of the VM instance.



