---
page_title: "zstack_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Fetches a list of VM instances and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_instances (Data Source)

Fetches a list of VM instances and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

data "zstack_instances" "vminstances" {
  #   name = "name of vm instance"
  #    name_pattern = "virtual machine instances name% Pattern"   # Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.
  filter {
    name   = "architecture"
    values = ["aarch64", "x86_64"]
  }
  filter {
    name   = "state"
    values = ["Running", "Stopped"]
  }
  filter {
    name   = "hypervisor_type"
    values = ["KVM"]
  }
  filter {
    name   = "cpu_num"
    values = [1]
  }
  filter {
    name   = "memory_size"
    values = ["1024"] # in megabytes, MB
  }
}


output "zstack_vminstances" {
  value = data.zstack_instances.vminstances
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter resources based on any field in the schema. For example, to filter by status, use `name = "status"` and `values = ["Ready"]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching VM instance
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `vminstances` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vminstances))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by (e.g., status, state).
- `values` (Set of String) Values to filter by. Multiple values will be treated as an OR condition.


<a id="nestedatt--vminstances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vminstances`

Read-Only:

- `all_volumes` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vminstances--all_volumes))
- `architecture` (String) The CPU architecture (e.g., x86_64, ARM) of the VM.
- `cluster_uuid` (String) The UUID of the cluster in which the VM is located.
- `cpu_num` (Number) The number of CPUs allocated to the VM.
- `host_uuid` (String) The UUID of the host on which the VM is running.
- `hypervisor_type` (String) The type of hypervisor on which the VM is running (e.g., KVM, VMware).
- `image_uuid` (String) The UUID of the image used to create the VM.
- `memory_size` (Number) The amount of memory allocated to the VM, in megabytes (MB).
- `name` (String) The name of the VM instance.
- `platform` (String) The platform (e.g., Linux, Windows) on which the VM is running.
- `state` (String) The current state of the VM (e.g., Running, Stopped).
- `type` (String) The type of the VM (e.g., UserVm or SystemVm).
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the VM instance.
- `vm_nics` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vminstances--vm_nics))
- `zone_uuid` (String) The UUID of the zone in which the VM is located.

<a id="nestedatt--vminstances--all_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vminstances.all_volumes`

Read-Only:

- `volume_actual_size` (Number) The actual size of the volume, which might differ from the requested size, in gigabytes (GB).
- `volume_description` (String) The description of the volume attached to the VM.
- `volume_format` (String) The format of the volume (e.g., RAW, QCOW2).
- `volume_size` (Number) The size of the volume, in gigabytes (GB).
- `volume_state` (String) The state of the volume (e.g., Enabled, Disabled).
- `volume_status` (String) The status of the volume (e.g., Ready, NoReady).
- `volume_type` (String) The type of the volume (e.g., root, data).
- `volume_uuid` (String) The UUID of the volume attached to the VM.


<a id="nestedatt--vminstances--vm_nics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vminstances.vm_nics`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The gateway IP address for the VM NIC.
- `ip` (String) The IP address assigned to the VM NIC.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the VM NIC.
- `netmask` (String) The network mask of the VM NIC.
- `uuid` (String) The uuid for the VM NIC.




