---
page_title: "zstack_instance_offers Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Fetches a list of instance offers and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_instance_offers (Data Source)

Fetches a list of instance offers and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

data "zstack_instance_offers" "example" {
  # name = "InstanceOffering-1"
  # name_pattern = "clu%"  # Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.
  filter = { # option
    State = "Enabled"
  }
}

output "zstack_instance_offers" {
  value = data.zstack_instance_offers.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Map of String) Key-value pairs to filter instance offering. For example, to filter by State, use `State = "Enabled"`.
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching  instance offer
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `instance_offers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance_offers))

<a id="nestedatt--instance_offers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance_offers`

Read-Only:

- `allocator_strategy` (String) The strategy used for allocating resources to the instance.
- `cpu_num` (Number) The number of CPUs allocated to the instance offer.
- `cpu_speed` (Number) The speed of each CPU in MHz.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the instance offering.
- `memory_size` (Number) The memory size allocated to the instance, in bytes.
- `name` (String) The name of the instance offering.
- `sort_key` (Number) The sort key used for ordering instance offerings.
- `state` (String) The current state of the instance offering (e.g., Enabled, Disabled).
- `type` (String) The type of the instance offering.
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the instance offering.



