---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zstack_l2vlan_networks Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Fetches a list of L2 VLAN networks and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_l2vlan_networks (Data Source)

Fetches a list of L2 VLAN networks and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter resources based on any field in the schema. For example, to filter by VLAN ID, use `name = "vlan"` and `values = ["100"]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching L2 VLAN networks.
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `l2vlan_networks` (Attributes List) List of L2 VLAN networks matching the specified filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l2vlan_networks))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by (e.g., vlan, zone_uuid).
- `values` (Set of String) Values to filter by. Multiple values will be treated as an OR condition.


<a id="nestedatt--l2vlan_networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l2vlan_networks`

Read-Only:

- `attached_cluster_uuids` (List of String) UUIDs of clusters attached to the L2 VLAN network.
- `description` (String) Description of the L2 VLAN network.
- `name` (String) Name of the L2 VLAN network.
- `physical_interface` (String) Physical interface associated with the L2 VLAN network.
- `type` (String) Type of the L2 network.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the L2 VLAN network.
- `vlan` (Number) VLAN ID of the L2 VLAN network.
- `vswitch_type` (String) Virtual switch type of the L2 VLAN network.
- `zone_uuid` (String) UUID of the zone where the L2 VLAN network resides.
