---
page_title: "zstack_l3networks Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Fetches a list of L3 networks and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_l3networks (Data Source)

Fetches a list of L3 networks and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# # Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

data "zstack_l3networks" "networks" {
  #   name = "L3 networks name"
  #    name_pattern = "L3 networks name% Pattern"   # Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.
}

output "zstack_networks" {
  value = data.zstack_l3networks.networks
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Exact name for searching L3 Network.
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `l3networks` (Attributes List) List of L3 networks matching the specified filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l3networks))

<a id="nestedatt--l3networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l3networks`

Read-Only:

- `category` (String) Category of the L3 network.
- `dns` (Attributes List) List of DNS servers for the L3 network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l3networks--dns))
- `free_ips` (Attributes List) List of free IPs available in the L3 network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l3networks--free_ips))
- `ip_range` (Attributes List) List of IP ranges in the L3 network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l3networks--ip_range))
- `name` (String) Name of the L3 network
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the L3 network.

<a id="nestedatt--l3networks--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l3networks.dns`

Read-Only:

- `dns_model` (String) DNS server address.


<a id="nestedatt--l3networks--free_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l3networks.free_ips`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) Gateway for the free IP.
- `ip` (String) Free IP address.
- `ip_range_uuid` (String) UUID of the IP range containing the free IP.
- `netmask` (String) Netmask for the free IP.


<a id="nestedatt--l3networks--ip_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l3networks.ip_range`

Read-Only:

- `cidr` (String) CIDR notation for the IP range.
- `end_ip` (String) Ending IP address in the range.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway for the IP range.
- `ip_range_name` (String) Name of the IP range.
- `netmask` (String) Netmask of the IP range.
- `start_ip` (String) Starting IP address in the range.




