---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zstack_load_balancer_listeners Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches a list of load balancer listeners and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_load_balancer_listeners (Data Source)

Fetches a list of load balancer listeners and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter resources based on any field in the schema. For example, to filter by protocol, use `name = "protocol"` and `values = ["tcp"]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching load balancer listeners.
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `load_balancer_listeners` (Attributes List) List of load balancer listeners matching the specified filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancer_listeners))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by (e.g., protocol, load_balancer_uuid).
- `values` (Set of String) Values to filter by. Multiple values will be treated as an OR condition.


<a id="nestedatt--load_balancer_listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `load_balancer_listeners`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the load balancer listener.
- `instance_port` (Number) Backend port on the instances.
- `load_balancer_port` (Number) Frontend port on the load balancer.
- `load_balancer_uuid` (String) UUID of the parent load balancer.
- `name` (String) Name of the load balancer listener.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the listener (tcp, udp, http, https).
- `security_policy_type` (String) Security policy type for HTTPS listeners.
- `server_group_uuid` (String) UUID of the associated server group.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the load balancer listener.
