---
page_title: "zstack_networking_secgroups Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Query ZStack Security Groups by name, name pattern, or additional filters.
---

# zstack_networking_secgroups (Data Source)

Query ZStack Security Groups by name, name pattern, or additional filters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "zstack_networking_secgroups" "test" {
  #name = "p1"
  name_pattern = "p%"
  filter {
    name   = "state"
    values = ["Enabled"]
  }
}

output "zstack_secs" {
  value = data.zstack_networking_secgroups.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter results by fields in the security group, such as state or IP version. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for querying a security group.
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy matching security group names. Use % or _ like SQL.

### Read-Only

- `networking_secgroups` (Attributes List) List of matched security groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking_secgroups))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by.
- `values` (Set of String) List of values to match. Treated as OR conditions.


<a id="nestedatt--networking_secgroups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking_secgroups`

Read-Only:

- `attached_l3network_uuids` (Set of String) Set of L3 network UUIDs attached to the security group.
- `description` (String) Description of the security group.
- `name` (String) Name of the security group.
- `rules` (Attributes Set) List of security group rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking_secgroups--rules))
- `state` (String) State of the security group (Enabled, Disabled).
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the security group.

<a id="nestedatt--networking_secgroups--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking_secgroups.rules`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidr` (String) CIDR allowed by this rule.
- `end_port` (Number) End port for TCP/UDP or ICMP code.
- `ip_version` (String) IP version (IPv4 or IPv6).
- `protocol` (String) Protocol of the rule (TCP, UDP, ICMP, ALL).
- `start_port` (Number) Start port for TCP/UDP or ICMP type.
- `state` (String) State of the rule (Enabled, Disabled).
- `type` (String) Direction of traffic (Ingress or Egress).
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the rule.




