---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zstack_port_forwarding_rules Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Fetches a list of port forwarding rules and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_port_forwarding_rules (Data Source)

Fetches a list of port forwarding rules and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter resources based on any field in the schema. For example, to filter by protocol, use `name = "protocol_type"` and `values = ["TCP"]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching port forwarding rules.
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `port_forwarding_rules` (Attributes List) List of port forwarding rules matching the specified filters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_forwarding_rules))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by (e.g., protocol_type, state).
- `values` (Set of String) Values to filter by. Multiple values will be treated as an OR condition.


<a id="nestedatt--port_forwarding_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_forwarding_rules`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidr` (String) CIDR block allowed to access this rule.
- `description` (String) Description of the port forwarding rule.
- `guest_ip` (String) IP address of the guest VM.
- `name` (String) Name of the port forwarding rule.
- `private_port_end` (Number) End port on the private (VM) side.
- `private_port_start` (Number) Start port on the private (VM) side.
- `protocol_type` (String) Protocol type (TCP or UDP).
- `state` (String) State of the port forwarding rule.
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the port forwarding rule.
- `vip_ip` (String) IP address of the VIP.
- `vip_port_end` (Number) End port on the VIP side.
- `vip_port_start` (Number) Start port on the VIP side.
- `vip_uuid` (String) UUID of the VIP used for port forwarding.
- `vm_nic_uuid` (String) UUID of the VM NIC attached to this rule.
