---
page_title: "zstack_vips Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Fetches a list of vips and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_vips (Data Source)

Fetches a list of vips and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

data "zstack_vips" "test" {
  filter {
    name   = "use_for"
    values = ["LoadBalancer"]
  }
}

output "zstack_vips" {
  value = data.zstack_vips.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Block List) Filter resources based on any field in the schema. For example, to filter by status, use `name = "status"` and `values = ["Ready"]`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--filter))
- `name` (String) Exact name for searching VIPs
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `vips` (Attributes List) List of VIP entries matching the specified filters (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vips))

<a id="nestedblock--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the field to filter by (e.g., status, state).
- `values` (Set of String) Values to filter by. Multiple values will be treated as an OR condition.


<a id="nestedatt--vips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vips`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description of the VIP
- `gateway` (String) Gateway address of the VIP.
- `ip` (String) IP address of the VIP.
- `l3_network_uuid` (String) UUID of the L3 network associated with the VIP.
- `name` (String) Name of the VIP
- `netmask` (String) Netmask of the VIP.
- `peer_l3_network_uuids` (String) The UUIDs of peer L3 networks associated with the VIP (e.g., related to EIP binding).
- `state` (String) State of the VIP (e.g., Enabled, Disabled)
- `use_for` (String) The purpose or usage of the VIP.
- `uuid` (String) Unique identifier of the VIP.



