---
page_title: "zstack_virtual_router_offers Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Fetches a list of virtual router offers and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_virtual_router_offers (Data Source)

Fetches a list of virtual router offers and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# # Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

data "zstack_virtual_router_offers" "test" {
  #   name = "name of virtual router offers"
  #    name_pattern = "virtual router offers name% Pattern"   # Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.
}

output "zstack_offers" {
  value = data.zstack_virtual_router_offers.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Exact name for searching virtual router offer
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `virtual_router_offers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtual_router_offers))

<a id="nestedatt--virtual_router_offers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtual_router_offers`

Read-Only:

- `allocator_strategy` (String) The strategy used for allocating resources to the virtual router.
- `cpu_num` (Number) The number of CPUs allocated to the virtual router offer.
- `cpu_speed` (Number) The speed of each CPU in MHz.
- `description` (String) A brief description of the virtual router offering.
- `image_uuid` (String) The UUID of the image used by the virtual router offer.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this virtual router offering is the default configuration.
- `management_network_uuid` (String) The UUID of the management network connected to the virtual router.
- `memory_size` (Number) The memory size allocated to the virtual router, in bytes.
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual router offering.
- `public_network_uuid` (String) The UUID of the public network connected to the virtual router.
- `reserved_memory_size` (String) The amount of memory reserved for the virtual router, in bytes.
- `sort_key` (Number) The sort key used for ordering virtual router offerings.
- `state` (String) The current state of the virtual router offering (e.g., Enabled, Disabled).
- `type` (String) The type of the virtual router offering (e.g., VirtualRouter).
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the virtual router offering.
- `zone_uuid` (String) The UUID of the zone where the virtual router is deployed.



