---
page_title: "zstack_virtual_router_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Fetches a list of virtual router instances and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.
---

# zstack_virtual_router_instances (Data Source)

Fetches a list of virtual router instances and their associated attributes from the ZStack environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# # Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

data "zstack_virtual_routers" "test" {
  #   name = "name of vm instance"
  #    name_pattern = "virtual router instances name% Pattern"   # Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.
}


output "zstack_vrouters" {
  value = data.zstack_virtual_routers.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) Exact name for searching virtual router instance
- `name_pattern` (String) Pattern for fuzzy name search, similar to MySQL LIKE. Use % for multiple characters and _ for exactly one character.

### Read-Only

- `virtual_router` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtual_router))

<a id="nestedatt--virtual_router"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtual_router`

Read-Only:

- `agent_port` (Number) The agent's listening port on the virtual router.
- `appliance_vm_type` (String) Specifies the type of appliance VM for the virtual router.
- `architecture` (String) The CPU architecture (e.g., x86_64, ARM) of the virtual router.
- `cluster_uuid` (String) The UUID of the cluster in which the virtual router is located.
- `cpu_num` (Number) The number of CPUs allocated to the virtual router.
- `ha_status` (String) The high-availability (HA) status of the virtual router.
- `host_uuid` (String) The UUID of the host on which the virtual router is running.
- `hypervisor_type` (String) The type of hypervisor on which the virtual router is running (e.g., KVM, VMware).
- `image_uuid` (String) The UUID of the image used to create the virtual router.
- `instance_offering_uuid` (String) The UUID of the instance offering assigned to the virtual router.
- `management_network_uuid` (String) The UUID of the management network connected to the virtual router.
- `memory_size` (Number) The amount of memory (in bytes) allocated to the virtual router.
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual router instance.
- `platform` (String) The platform (e.g., Linux, Windows) on which the virtual router is running.
- `state` (String) The current state of the virtual router (e.g., Running, Stopped).
- `status` (String) Operational status of the virtual router (e.g., Connected, Disconnected)
- `type` (String) The type of the virtual router (e.g., UserVm or SystemVm).
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the virtual router instance.
- `vm_nics` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--virtual_router--vm_nics))
- `zone_uuid` (String) The UUID of the zone in which the virtual router is located.

<a id="nestedatt--virtual_router--vm_nics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `virtual_router.vm_nics`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The gateway IP address for the virtual router NIC.
- `ip` (String) The IP address assigned to the virtual router NIC.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of the virtual router NIC.
- `netmask` (String) The network mask of the virtual router NIC.




