---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zstack_image Resource - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zstack_image (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `format` (String) The format of the image file, such as 'qcow2', 'raw', or 'vmdk'.
- `name` (String) The name of the image. This is a mandatory field.
- `url` (String) The URL where the image is located. This can be a file path or an HTTP link.

### Optional

- `architecture` (String) The architecture of the image, such as 'x86_64' or 'arm64'.
- `backup_storage_uuids` (List of String) A list of UUIDs for the backup storages where the image is stored.
- `boot_mode` (String) The boot mode supported by the image, such as 'Legacy' or 'UEFI'.
- `description` (String) A description of the image, providing additional context or details.
- `guest_os_type` (String) The guest operating system type that the image is optimized for.
- `marketplace` (Boolean) Specifies whether the image is from a marketplace.
- `media_type` (String) The type of media for the image. Examples include 'ISO' or 'Template'.
- `platform` (String) The platform that the image is intended for, such as 'Linux', 'Windows', or others.
- `virtio` (Boolean) Indicates if the VirtIO drivers are required for the image.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last update to the image resource.
- `system` (String) Indicates if the image is a system image. Set automatically by ZStack.
- `type` (String) The type of the image, for example, 'ISO' or 'RootVolumeTemplate'.
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier of the image. Automatically generated by ZStack.
