---
page_title: "zstack_virtual_router_offer Resource - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    This resource allows you to manage virtual router offerings in ZStack. A virtual router offering defines the configuration and resource settings for virtual router instances, such as CPU, memory, and management network. You can define the offering's properties, such as its name, description, CPU and memory allocation, and the associated management network.
---

# zstack_virtual_router_offer (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage virtual router offerings in ZStack. A virtual router offering defines the configuration and resource settings for virtual router instances, such as CPU, memory, and management network. You can define the offering's properties, such as its name, description, CPU and memory allocation, and the associated management network.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

resource "zstack_virtual_router_offer" "test" {
  name                    = "vroffer"
  description             = "An example virtual router offer"
  cpu_num                 = 1
  memory_size             = 1024 # in megabytes, MB
  zone_uuid               = "d29f4847a99f4dea83bc446c8fe6e64c"
  management_network_uuid = "50e8c0d69681447fbe347c8dae2b1bef"
  image_uuid              = "93005c8a2a314a489635eca8c30794d4"
}

output "zstack_vroffer" {
  value = zstack_virtual_router_offer.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cpu_num` (Number) The number of CPUs allocated to the virtual router offering. This is a mandatory field.
- `image_uuid` (String) The UUID of the image used by the virtual router offering. This is a mandatory field.
- `management_network_uuid` (String) The UUID of the management network associated with the virtual router offering. This is a mandatory field.
- `memory_size` (Number) The amount of memory  allocated to the virtual router offering. This is a mandatory field, in megabytes (MB)
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual router offering. This is a mandatory field and must be unique.
- `zone_uuid` (String) The UUID of the zone where the virtual router offering is deployed. This is a mandatory field.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the virtual router offering, providing additional context or details about the configuration.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this virtual router offering is the default offering. Defaults to `false` if not specified.
- `type` (String) The type of the virtual router offering. Defaults to 'VirtualRouter' if not specified.

### Read-Only

- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier (UUID) of the virtual router offering. Automatically generated by ZStack.


