---
page_title: "zstack_virtual_router_instance Resource - terraform-provider-zstack"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    This resource allows you to manage virtual router instances in ZStack. A virtual router instance is a virtual machine that provides network services such as routing, NAT, and VPN. You can define the instance's properties, such as its name, description, associated virtual router offering, and deployment location.
---

# zstack_virtual_router_instance (Resource)

This resource allows you to manage virtual router instances in ZStack. A virtual router instance is a virtual machine that provides network services such as routing, NAT, and VPN. You can define the instance's properties, such as its name, description, associated virtual router offering, and deployment location.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) ZStack.io, Inc.

resource "zstack_virtual_router_instance" "test" {
  name                         = "example-vr"
  description                  = "Example Virtual router instance"
  virtual_router_offering_uuid = "uuid of virtual router offering"
}

output "zstack_virtual_router_instance" {
  value = zstack_virtual_router_instance.test
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the virtual router instance. This is a required field in your environment.
- `virtual_router_offering_uuid` (String) The UUID of the virtual router offering associated with this instance. Specifies the configuration and resource settings for the virtual router.

### Optional

- `cluster_uuid` (String) The UUID of the cluster where the virtual router instance will be deployed. Takes precedence over 'zone_uuid' if both are specified.
- `description` (String) An optional description of the virtual router instance. Provides additional context or purpose of this instance.
- `host_uuid` (String) The UUID of the host where the virtual router instance will be deployed. Takes precedence over both 'zone_uuid' and 'cluster_uuid' if specified.
- `primary_storage_uuid_for_rootvolume` (String) The UUID of the primary storage where the root volume of the virtual router instance will be created. Ensures the root volume is placed on the specified storage.
- `resource_uuid` (String) The UUID of the resource. If specified, the instance will use this value as its identifier.
- `state` (String) The current state of the virtual router instance. Possible values include 'Enabled', 'Disabled', etc.
- `status` (String) The operational status of the virtual router instance. Indicates whether the instance is running, stopped, or in an error Status.
- `zone_uuid` (String) The UUID of the zone where the virtual router instance will be deployed. Ensures the instance is placed within a specific zone.

### Read-Only

- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the virtual router instance, uniquely identifying this resource in ZStack. Automatically generated upon creation.


